{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq0 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}
{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}
{\f10\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 System;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f12\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Roman 10cpi;}{\f13\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq2 Modern;}{\f14\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Dialog;}{\f15\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 CG Times (WN);}
{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Univers (WN);}{\f17\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 Pica{\*\falt Roman 10cpi};}{\f18\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 elite;}{\f19\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 prestige;}{\f20\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 lettergothic;}
{\f21\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 gothicPS;}{\f22\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 cubicPS;}{\f23\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 LinePrinter;}{\f24\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 avantegarde;}{\f25\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 spartan;}{\f26\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 metro;}
{\f27\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 presentation;}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 APL;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 OCRA;}{\f30\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq0 OCRB;}{\f31\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 boldPS;}{\f32\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 emperorPS;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 madaleine;}{\f34\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 zapf humanist;}{\f35\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 classic;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman f;}{\f37\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman g;}{\f38\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman h;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 timesroman;}{\f40\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 century;}{\f41\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 palantino;}{\f42\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 souvenir;}{\f43\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 garamond;}{\f44\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 caledonia;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 bodini;}{\f46\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 university;}{\f47\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 Script;}{\f48\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 scriptPS;}{\f49\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 script c;}{\f50\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 script d;}
{\f51\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 commercial script;}{\f52\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 park avenue;}{\f53\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 coronet;}{\f54\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 script h;}{\f55\fscript\fcharset0\fprq0 greek;}{\f56\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 kana;}
{\f57\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 hebrew;}{\f58\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman s;}{\f59\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 russian;}{\f60\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman u;}{\f61\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman v;}{\f62\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 roman w;}
{\f63\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 narrator;}{\f64\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 emphasis;}{\f65\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 zapf chancery;}{\f66\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 decor d;}{\f67\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 old english;}{\f68\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 decor f;}
{\f69\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 decor g;}{\f70\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 cooper black;}{\f71\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 linedraw;}{\f72\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 math7;}{\f73\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 math8;}{\f74\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 bar3of9;}{\f75\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 EAN;}
{\f76\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 pcline;}{\f77\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 tech h;}{\f78\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Helvetica-Narrow;}{\f79\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 Roman;}{\f80\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq0 ZapfDingbats;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240 \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360 \b \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 3;}{
\s4\li360 \ul \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 4;}{\s5\li720 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 5;}{\s6\li720 \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 6;}{\s7\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 7;}{\s8\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 8;}{\s9\li720 
\i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footer;}{\s16\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 header;}{\*\cs17 \additive\fs16\up6 \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\s18 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 footnote text;}{\s19\li720 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 Normal Indent;}{\s20\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 nscba;}{\s21\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 j;}{\s22\li480\sa20 \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext22 ij;}{\s23\sb80\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 btb;}{\s24\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 ctcb;}{\s25\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext25 ns;}{\s26\sa120 \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext26 TT;}{
\s27\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 crtj;}{\s28\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 nsca;}{\s29\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 bt;}{\s30\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 Hf;}{\s31\li240\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 Hs;}{
\s32\li480\sb120\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 RT;}{\s33\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 c;}{\s34\li2160\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext34 ct;}{\s35\li240\sa20 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 it;}{\s36\li480 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext36 nsct;}{
\s37\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 nscb;}{\s38\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext38 HC2;}{\s39\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext39 C2;}{
\s40\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext40 ctc;}{\s41\li2160\sb160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext41 crt;}{\s42\li480\sb20\sa40 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext42 or;}{\*\cs43 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author Dan Davids}
{\operator Robert Heath}{\creatim\yr2137\mo8\dy7}{\revtim\yr1993\mo6\dy19\min6}{\version1}{\edmins2}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49203}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex576\headery706\footery706\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \keepn \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} main_index}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Help Index}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} index:0005}}{\b\f2  Windows Info-ZIP Unzip }{\b\f2\ul Index}{\v\f2 index_info}{\b\f2\ul 
\par }\pard {\f9 
\par }{\b\f2 Introduction\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f9 
\par }\pard \ri-1440 {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb What is WizUnZip ?}{\v\f2 HELPID_WHAT_IS}{\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Installing WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_INSTALLN}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 How To...
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Open an Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}{\f2\uldb 
\par }\pard \tx720 {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Show the Archive Comment}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOW_COMMENT}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Browse Text in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Extract Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Test Files in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Exit WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXITING}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Screen Regions
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Title Bar}{\v\f2 HELPID_TITLE_BAR}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Menu Bar}{\v\f2 HELPID_MENU_BAR}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Toolbar Buttons}{\v\f2 HELPID_BUTTONS}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Icon}{\v\f2 HELPID_ICON}{\b\f2 
\par 
\par Error Messages}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Error Messages in the Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSGWIN_ERRORS}{\b\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Error Messages in Dialog Boxes}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSGBOX_ERRORS}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 
\par Glossary
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Defined Terms}{\v\f2 glossary}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 
\par Product Information}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb System Requirements}{\v\f2 HELPID_SYSTEM_REQ}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Who is Info-ZIP ?}{\v\f2 HELPID_INFO_ZIP}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Copyright and Distribution}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISTRN}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Where to Find Info-ZIP Products }{\v\f2 HELPID_ARCHIVE_SITES}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Warranty or Lack Thereof}{\v\f2 HELPID_WARRANTY}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb History}{\v\f2 HELPID_HISTORY}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Bugs and Restrictions}{\v\f2 HELPID_BUGS}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} index_info}}{\f2 
 The Index contains a list of all Help topics available for Windows Info-ZIP Unzip. For information on how to use Help, press F1 or choose Using Help from the Help menu.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_WHAT_IS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} What Is WizUnzip ?}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} intro:010}}{\b\f2 What Is WizUnZip ?}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip }{\f2 stands for Windows Info-ZIP Unzip. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is a Microsoft Windows application which extracts, tests, and displays files archived in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  format.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is derived from a co-operative effort by a number of developers collectively known as Info-ZIP. (See }{\f2\uldb Who is Info-ZIP ?}{\v\f2 HELPID_INFO_ZIP}{\f2 
). Info-ZIP's goal is to provide widely-available, non-commercial archiving tools compatible with Phil Katz's popular DOS application products, }{\i\f2 pkzip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 pkunzip}{\f2 .}{\i\f2  }{\f2 Info-ZIP's counterpart products are called }{
\i\f2 zip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2  respectively. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip }{\f2 3.0 can extract files from archives created using}{\i\f2  pkzip }{\f2 2.04 or earlier}{\i\f2 .}{\f2 
\par 
\par The unzip logic of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is based on Info-ZIP's product }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 , which has been ported to a number of platforms.}{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is essentially }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 
 with a Microsoft Windows interface and a little extra logic to display and extract files. 
\par 
\par In keeping with Info-ZIP's goals, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is available on a not-for-profit basis. (See }{\f2\uldb Copyright and Distribution}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISTRN}{\f2 .)
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_INSTALLN}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Installing WizUnZip}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} intro:015}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} installation}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f2 Installing WizUnZip
\par }{\f2 
\par Install the WizUnZip executable file, }{\i\f2 WIZUNZIP.EXE}{\f2 , and its associated help file, }{\i\f2 WIZUNZIP.HLP}{\f2 , by copying them into any directory listed in your system's }{\b\f2 PATH}{\f2  environment variable. 
\par Your WINDOWS directory is usually listed there.
\par 
\par Though not necessary for proper operation, the WizUnZip unzipping sound file, }{\i\f2 WIZUNZIP.WAV}{\f2 , may be installed on any directory listed in your system's }{\b\f2 PATH}{\f2  environment variable.
\par Your WINDOWS directory is usually such a directory.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_ARCHIVES}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Archives Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} commands:020}}{\b\f2 Archives Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Archives menu includes commands that let you select or de-select all of the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entries as well as commands which operate on the archive (ZIP file) itself.
\par 
\par For more information, select an Archives menu command from below.
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f2\uldb Select All Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_ALL}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Selects all listbox entries.
\par }\pard \tx2610 {\f2\uldb Deselect All Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_DESELECT_ALL}{\f2 \tab \tab De-selects and unhighlights all listbox entries.
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f2\uldb Select Files by Pattern}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_BY_PATTERN}{\f2 \tab \tab Selects filenames by pattern.
\par }\pard {\f2\uldb Extract}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Extracts selected listbox entries
\par }{\f2\uldb Display}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Displays selected listbox entries
\par }{\f2\uldb Test}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Tests selected listbox entries
\par }{\f2\uldb Show .ZIP Comment}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOW_COMMENT}{\f2 \tab \tab Displays a comment in the .ZIP file}{\v\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DESELECT_ALL}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} De-select All Listbox Entries}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +}
 edit_menu:060}}{\b\f2 De-select All Files
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item de-selects and unhighlights all entries in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  dims the three buttons }{\f2\uldb \{bmc extract.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 (}{\f2\uldb Extract}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 ),}{\f2\uldb \{bmc display.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 (}{\f2\uldb Display}{\v\f2 
HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 ), and 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bmc test.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 (}{\f2\uldb Test}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 ).
\par 
\par You may then select one or more entries in the listbox using the pointer or the keyboard. 
\par 
\par Selecting one or more entries in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  causes the buttons to become active again. 
\par 
\par Select any of the buttons to operate on the selected entries.
\par 
\par Pressing the F3 key or clicking on the \{bmc deselall.bmp\} button is a short-cut to de-selecting all }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entries.
\par }\page {\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SELECT_ALL}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Select All Listbox Entries}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:070}} {\b\f2 
Select All Files
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item selects and highlights all entries in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  activates the three buttons }{\f2\uldb \{bmc extract.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 (}{\f2\uldb Extract}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 ),}{\f2\uldb \{bmc display.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 (}{\f2\uldb Display}{\v\f2 
HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 ), and 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bmc test.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 (}{\f2\uldb Test}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 ). 
\par 
\par Select any of these three buttons to operate on all selected entries in the archive.
\par 
\par Pressing the F2 key or clicking on the \{bmc selall.bmp\}}{\f2\uldb  }{\f2 button is a short-cut to selecting all }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entries.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SELECT_BY_PATTERN}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Select Files by Pattern}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:075}} {
\b\f2 Select Files By Pattern
\par }{\f2 
\par When archives contain a large number of files, you can select the files to be extracted by specifying patterns in the filenames. 
\par 
\par This menu item opens the }{\i\f2 Select Files by Pattern}{\f2  dialog box. It prompts you to enter a pattern by which files in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  are selected. 
\par Your pattern may contain wild card characters such as }{\i\f2 *}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 ?}{\f2 , and character lists surrounded by square brackets.
\par You may enter multiple patterns, separated by white space, in the edit field.
\par Choose the }{\i\f2 Select}{\f2  button to highlight your choices in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 . 
\par The files can then be extracted, displayed, or tested using any of the three pushbottons. 
\par 
\par You may alternately deselect files in the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  by first specifying a pattern then choosing the }{\i\f2 Deselect}{\f2  button.
\par 
\par After making all your selections and deselections, you may wish to close the dialog box by selecting the }{\i\f2 Done}{\f2  button. 
\par 
\par Pressing the F4 key or clicking on the \{bmc selpat.bmp\}  button is a short-cut to the }{\i\f2 Select Files by Pattern}{\f2  dialog box.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EDIT}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Status/Display Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} commands:020}}{\b\f2 Status/Display Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Status/Display menu includes commands that let you select or de-select all of the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entries or to control the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Clear Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Clears the contents of the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par }{\f2\uldb Copy Status/Display Window to Clipboard}{\v HELPID_COPY_STATUS}{\f2 \tab Copies the entire }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  to the 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Windows clipboard.
\par }{\f2\uldb Clear Status/Display Window before Displaying}{\v HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_STATUS}\tab {\f2 Clears the entire }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  before
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab displaying text.
\par }{\f2\uldb Don't Prompt to Clear Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_DISPLAY}{\f2 \tab Optionally lets WizUnZip automatically clear 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par }\pard {\f2 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Clear Status/Display Window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +}
 edit_menu:080}}{\b\f2 Clear Status/Display Window}{\f2 
\par 
\par This menu item clears the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par WizUnZip automatically clears your }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  if its contents would either exceed the amount of global memory space available in your system or reach 65535 characters.
\par 
\par Pressing the Del key is a short-cut to clearing the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_COPY_STATUS}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_COPY}}{\fs16\up6  }{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Copy Status Window to Clipboard}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:090}}{\b\f2 Copy Status/Display Window to Clipboard}{\f2 
\par 
\par This menu item copies the entire contents of the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  to the Windows clipboard.
\par 
\par Currently there is no way to copy a portion of the Status/Display Window to the Windows clipboard.
\par 
\par The Control-C key sequence is a short-cut which copies the Status/Display window to the clipboard.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Clear Status/Display before Displaying}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +}
 edit_menu:091}}{\b\f2 Clear Status/Display Window before Displaying}{\f2 
\par 
\par When selected, this menu item automatically clears  the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  before displaying text  from the archive file.
\par 
\par When selected, this menu item is checked under the Status/Display menu.
\par 
\par This option stays set until you  change it.
\par }\pard \tx2610 {\f2 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_DISPLAY}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} {\f2 Don't Prompt to Clear the Status/Display Window before Displaying}}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:092}}{\b\f2 Don't Prompt to Clear the Status/Display Window before Displaying}{\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 
\par When selected, this menu item automatically clears  the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_DISPLAY}{\f2  before displaying text  from the archive file.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MENU_BAR}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} screen:020}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Menu Bar}}{\b\f2 Menu Bar
\par 
\par }{\f2 WizUnZip's Menu Bar contains the following menus:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb File Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_FILE}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Operates on files and directories
\par }{\f2\uldb Archives Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_ARCHIVES}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Operates on files within an archive
\par }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_EDIT}{\f2 \tab \tab Controls the Status/Display window
\par }{\f2\uldb View Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_VIEW}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Controls general appearance
\par }{\f2\uldb Preferences Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2 \tab \tab Sets and remembers preferences
\par }{\f2\uldb Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_OVERVIEW}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab On-line documentation
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_FILE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} commands:010}}{\b\f2 File Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The File menu includes the following commands:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Open Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2 \tab \tab Opens an archive and lists its directory.
\par }{\f2\uldb Unzip Archive To}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 \tab Changes the directory into which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts files.
\par }{\f2\uldb Copy Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_COPY_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab \tab Copies the archive to a different filename and/or directory.
\par }{\f2\uldb Move Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_MOVE_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab \tab Moves the archive to a different filename and/or directory.
\par }{\f2\uldb Delete Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DELETE_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab \tab Deletes the archive.
\par }{\f2\uldb Rename Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_RENAME_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab \tab Renames the archive.
\par }{\f2\uldb Make Directory}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAKE_DIR\tab }{\f2 \tab \tab Creates a directory.
\par }{\f2\uldb Exit}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXIT_CMD}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Exits }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_OPEN}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Open Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:030}}{\b\f2 
File Menu "Open Archive" Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par If you select the File menu's Open command or click on the button bar's \{bmc open-up.bmp\} button, WizUnZip brings up the }{\i\f2 Open Archive}{\f2  dialog box.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Open Archive Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par 
\par This dialog box lets you select the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  on which you may perform further operations.
\par Select the directory in which the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  is found.
\par When you select a directory,  }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  lists all of the Zip archives, files with suffix .ZIP, in the file listbox.
\par The }{\i\f2 File Name}{\f2  field starts out as a template of all the ZIP archives in the directory.
\par 
\par You may select archives with other suffixes using the }{\i\f2 Files of Type}{\f2  combo box. 
\par You may select self-extracting .ZIP files, which have the .EXE suffix. 
\par However, not every file with a .EXE suffix is a self-extracting .ZIP file.
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  lets you safely attempt to open the file to find out.
\par 
\par Select an archive either by clicking on its filename from the file listbox or by typing its name in the }{\i\f2 File} {\i\f2 Name}{\f2  edit box.
\par Select the }{\i\f2 OK}{\f2  button to put your choice into effect.
\par 
\par Select the }{\i\f2 Cancel}{\f2  button if you don't wish to open a new ZIP archive.
\par 
\par When you open a }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays the archive contents in the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  of its main window. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  does not automatically extract the contents.  See }{\f2\uldb Extracting Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2  to find out how to extract files.
\par }\pard \tx6480 {\f2 
\par You may unzip the archive contents either into the directory where the .ZIP file lives or into a separate directory.
\par See the }{\f2\uldb File Menu Unzip To Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2  and the }{\f2\uldb Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}{\v\f2 HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}{\f2  item under the }{\f2\uldb Preferences Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2  for more information.}{
\v\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_CHDIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Unzip To Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:35}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} directory;destination}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Selecting this command or clicking on the \{bmc unzipto.bmp\} button lets you change the directory into which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts entries from the current }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 .
\par You may extract files into a directory other than the one in which the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  file resides.
\par 
\par If the  command or button is grayed, you may enable it by toggling the }{\f2\uldb Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}{\v\f2 HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}{\f2  item under the }{\f2\uldb Preferences Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2 .
\par 
\par If you don't select a destination directory, WizUnZip assumes you wish to extract files into the same directory as the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 .
\par The "Unzip To..." command produces the }{\i\f2 Unzip To}{\f2  Dialog Box.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f2 Unzip To}{\b\f2  Dialog Box
\par 
\par }{\f2 This dialog box lets you browse and select a destination directory for unzipped archive entries.
\par 
\par The Directories listbox shows where }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places extracted files.
\par 
\par You may browse the directory tree by repeatedly selecting directories from the }{\i\f2 Directories}{\f2  listbox.
\par 
\par To automatically change to the selected directory the next time you start }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 , select the }{\i\f2 Save as Default}{\f2  checkbox.
\par 
\par Select the }{\i\f2 OK}{\f2  button to save the new directory as the one to which }{\i\f2 WizUnzip}{\f2  extracts files.  
\par The new destination directory appears on the title bar.
\par 
\par Select the }{\i\f2 Cancel}{\f2  button to return to the directory displayed on entry.
\par 
\par NOTE:
\par The }{\i\f2 Drives}{\f2  listbox shows all drives in the system. 
\par However, you won't be able to select write-protected drives such as CD-ROM drives and certain network drives.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_COPY_ARCHIVE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 File Menu Copy Archive Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:36}}{\b\f2 File Menu Copy Archive Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Once you have opened an archive, this command lets you make a copy of it. See }{\f2\uldb Opening an Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Copy Archive Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par Selecting this command opens the Copy Archive dialog box in which you enter the name to be given to the copy.
\par 
\par You may also select a different directory for the copy of your archive file.  The destination directory must be writable (i.e. not on a CD-ROM or write-protected network drive.)
\par 
\par The \{bmc copy.bmp\} button is a shortcut to the Copy Archive dialog box.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MOVE_ARCHIVE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Move Archive Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:37}}{\b\f2 
File Menu Move Archive Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Once you have opened an archive, this command lets you move the archive file.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Move Archive Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par Selecting this command opens the Move Archive dialog box in which you enter the new name to be given to the archive file.
\par 
\par You may also select a new directory for your archive file. The destination directory must be writable (i.e. not on a CD-ROM or write-protected network drive.)
\par 
\par The \{bmc move.bmp\} button is a shortcut to the Move Archive dialog box.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DELETE_ARCHIVE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Delete Archive Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:38}}{\b\f2 
File Menu Delete Archive Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Once you have opened an archive, this command lets you delete the archive file.
\par 
\par The command opens a dialog box which offers you a chance to change your mind.
\par 
\par If you decide to continue, WizUnZip closes the current archive and deletes the file from your disk.
\par 
\par 
\par The \{bmc trash.bmp\} button is a shortcut to this operation.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_RENAME_ARCHIVE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Rename Archive Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:39}}{\b\f2 
File Menu Rename Archive Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Once you have opened an archive, this command lets you rename the archive file.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Rename Archive Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par Selecting this command opens the Rename Archive dialog box in which you enter the new name to be given to the archive file.
\par 
\par You may also select a new directory for your archive file. The destination directory must be writable (i.e. not on a CD-ROM or write-protected network drive.)
\par 
\par The \{bmc rename.bmp\} button is a shortcut to the Rename Archive dialog box.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MAKE_DIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Make Directory Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:40}}{\b\f2 
File Menu Make Directory Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par This command lets you create a new directory.
\par 
\par You may wish to create a new directory before extracting the contents of a }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 .
\par 
\par This menu command takes you to the }{\f2\uldb Make Directory Dialog Box}{\v HELPID_MAKEDIR_HELP}{\f2 .
\par 
\par Afer creating a new directory, you may wish to enter it using the }{\f2\uldb Unzip Archive To}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2  command.
\par 
\par The \{bmc makedir.bmp\} button is a shortcut to the }{\f2\uldb Make Directory Dialog Box}{\v HELPID_MAKEDIR_HELP}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MAKEDIR_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Make Directory Dialog box}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:41}}{\b\f2 
Make Directory Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par 
\par This dialog box allows you the create a new directory or subdirectory on your system.
\par 
\par You may wish to create a subdirectory into which you can extract files from an archive.
\par 
\par The dialog box lists the current directory in which the files will be extracted.  
\par 
\par In the field entitled "Enter path for new directory" you may specify any of:
\par 
\par 1) a subdirectory under the current directory, e.g.
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\f2 mynewdir}{\f2 
\par 
\par 2) an absolute path on the current drive, e.g.
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\f2 \\mynewdir}{\f2 
\par 
\par 3) or, a full pathname, including drive, e.g.
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\f2 c:\\mynewdir}{\f2 
\par 
\par Select the OK button or just hit the Enter key to apply your selection.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EXIT_CMD}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} File Menu Exit Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} menu_file:42}}{\b\f2 File Menu Exit Command}{
\f2 
\par 
\par This command takes you out of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 . 
\par To find out other ways to exit }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 , see }{\f2\uldb Exiting WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXITING}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EXITING}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Exiting WizUnzip}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} procedures:100}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K} exiting}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Exiting WizUnZip}{\f2 
\par 
\par You may exit }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  by any of the following methods:
\par \tab 1) typing Alt-F4, 
\par \tab 2) selecting Exit from the }{\f2\uldb File Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_FILE}{\f2 , or 
\par \tab 3) selecting Close from }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's system menu, or
\par \tab 4) by clicking on the \{bmc exit.bmp\} button.
\par 
\par You may safely exit }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  at any time without fear of losing data.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_OPTIONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Options Menu}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} commands:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} options;preferences}}{\b\f2 Preferences Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Preferences menu lets you specify how }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  handles directories, whether or not }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  should overwrite existing files during extraction,  what }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  does when you select one or more files in the }{
\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , and to where WizUnZip extracts files from the archive.
\par 
\par For more information, select any of the following items:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Recreate Directory Structure}{\v\f2 HELPID_RECR_DIR_STRUCT}{\f2 \tab \tab Lets you retain directory structure or not.
\par }{\f2\uldb Save Options}{\v\f2 HELPID_SAVE_OPTIONS}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Automatically saves source and destination directories}{\v\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb 
\par Extract Options}{\v HELPID_EXTRACT_OPTIONS}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Controls filename conflicts.}{\v\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb 
\par }\pard \tx90 {\f2\uldb Translate LF to CR-LF}{\v\f2 HELPID_TRANSLATE}{\f2  \tab \tab \tab Translates LF character to CR/LF character pair.
\par }{\f2\uldb Translate Filename Spaces to Underscore}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPACE_TO_UNDERSCORE}{\f2 \tab maps space characters in filename to underscore
\par }{\f2\uldb Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}{\v\f2 HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}{\f2 \tab \tab Controls whether you unzip in .ZIP or other directory.}{\f2\uldb 
\par }\pard {\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 The following three items let you define the action taken when you double-click on a file in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 : 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Extracts File}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}{\f2 \tab \tab Double click extracts entry.
\par }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Tests File}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_TEST}{\f2 \tab \tab Double click tests entry.
\par }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Displays File}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_DISPLAY}{\f2 \tab \tab Double click displays text file.
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Sound Options}{\v\f2 HELPID_SOUND_OPTIONS\tab }{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Selects sound at start or end of operation.
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Show Toolbar Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOW_BUBBLE_HELP}{\f2\ulw \tab \tab \tab }{\f2 Displays }{\f2\ul Toolbar Help}{\v\f2 term_Toolbar}{\f2  or not.}{\i\f2 
\par 
\par WizUnZip}{\f2  saves your option selection permanently until you replace it with another.}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_RECR_DIR_STRUCT}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Recreate Directory Structure}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:010}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} directory;extracting}}{\b\f2 Recreate Directory Structure
\par }{\f2 
\par During file extraction this option specifies whether or not }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  re-creates subdirectories saved within the archive. 
\par 
\par When this option is active, a checkmark appears beside its menu item.
\par 
\par When this option is active, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts, preserving the directory structure present in the archive.
\par 
\par When this option is not active, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts the files from subdirectories listed in the archive into the parent directory.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves the setting of this option in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it again through the menu.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SAVE_OPTIONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Save Options}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:015}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Save Options
\par }{\f2 
\par Determines whether to save source and destination directories.
\par }{\f2\uldb Always Save Unzip To Dir}{\v\f2 HELPID_SAVE_UNZIP_TO_DIR}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Always Save Unzip From Dir}{\v\f2 HELPID_SAVE_UNZIP_FROM_DIR}{\f2 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SAVE_UNZIP_TO_DIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Always Save Unzip To Dir}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:016}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Always Save Unzip To Dir
\par }{\f2 
\par When checked, this option directs WizUnZip to save the last }{\i\f2 Unzip To}{\f2  directory selected, to be used as the initial }{\i\f2 Unzip To}{\f2  directory the next time you run WizUnZip.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SAVE_UNZIP_FROM_DIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Always Save Unzip From Dir}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:017}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 
Always Save Unzip From Dir
\par }{\f2 
\par When checked, this option directs WizUnZip to save the last directory in which an archive file was opened, to be used as the initial directory in which to search for an archive the next time you run WizUnZip.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EXTRACT_OPTIONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Extract Options}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:020}} {\cs17\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K}
 extracting}}{\b\f2 Extract Options
\par }{\f2 
\par During extraction, WizUnZip may encounter files in the destination directory which have the same names as those WizUnZip would extract from the archive.  
\par The following options help WizUnZip handle conflicts:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Never/Always Overwrite Existing Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_OVERWRITE}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Extract Only Newer Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACT_ONLY_NEWER}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Prompt to Overwrite Existing Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_PROMPT_TO_OVERWRITE}{\f2 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_OVERWRITE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Always/Never Overwrite Existing Files}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:022}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Always/Never Overwrite Existing Files Option
\par }{\f2 
\par When you choose this option, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  automatically overwrites each existing file that it finds during extraction. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item to show that the option is in force.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves the setting of this option in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it again through the menus.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Overwrite Existing File Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par 
\par When you don't choose the Overwrite Existing Files option, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  prompts you with a dialog box for each existing file that it would replace during extraction. The dialog box prompt gives you five alternatives.  You may:
\par 
\par \tab 1) skip the file without extracting it (the default),
\par \tab 2) overwrite the file,
\par \tab 3) overwrite the file and all others in this operation,
\par \tab 4) overwrite none of the files in this operation,
\par \tab 5) rename the conflicting file.
\par 
\par If you select 3) or 4), the Overwrite Existing Files Dialog Box won't appear for the rest of the operation if any more files should conflict with existing files.
\par The Overwrite Existing Files Dialog Box has no effect on the more permanent Overwrite Existing Files Option. 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} {\f11 HELPID_PASSWORD}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Encrypted Files}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:023}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting;encrypted files;Encrypted File dialog box}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Encrypted Files}{\f2 
\par 
\par WizUnZip can extract files from an encrypted archive, but you must first know the password.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Encrypted File Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par 
\par When you first attempt to extract, display, or test a file from an encrypted archive, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays the }{\i\f2 Encrypted File}{\f2  dialog box, prompting you for the password with which the archive was encrypted.  
\par 
\par As you type the password in the }{\i\f2 Password}{\f2  field, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  echoes the password as a series of asterisks. 
\par 
\par If you enter the correct password, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  proceeds with the operation.  
\par 
\par If you enter the wrong password, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  gives you two more chances to enter the right password then cancels the operation.
\par 
\par If you forget the password or do not know the password of an encrypted archive, there is no way to extract, display, or test the archived files using }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}
 HELPID_EXTRACT_ONLY_NEWER}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Extract Only Newer Files}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:024}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}} {\b\f2 
Extract Only Newer Files
\par }{\f2 
\par This option directs WizUnZip to automatically overwrite a file in the destination directory with a newer file from the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  if their names match. 
\par 
\par This option is active only if its menu item is checked.
\par 
\par WizUnZip saves the value of this option until you change it again. \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_PROMPT_TO_OVERWRITE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Prompt to Overwrite Existing Files}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:026}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}} {\b\f2 Prompt to Overwrite Existing Files
\par }{\f2 
\par When active, this option directs WizUnZip to prompt you about overwriting a file in the destination directory with a file from the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  if their names match. 
\par 
\par This option is active only when its menu item is checked.
\par Selecting this option disables both the }{\f2\uldb Never/Always Overwrite Existing Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_OVERWRITE}{\f2  option and the }{\f2\uldb Extract Only Newer Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACT_ONLY_NEWER}{\f2  option}{\v\f2 .}{\f2 
\par 
\par WizUnZip saves the value of this option until you change it again.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_TRANSLATE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Translate LF to CR-LF}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Translate LF to CR-LF
\par }{\f2 
\par Choose this option only if you are extracting text files from a }{\f2\ul UNIX}{\v\f2 term_UNIX}{\f2  or similar computer and wish to translate them into the format used by DOS.  
\par In UNIX text file format, lines of text are separated by a }{\i\f2 linefeed}{\f2  character. 
\par Lines of text within }{\f2\ul DOS}{\v\f2 term_DOS}{\f2  files are typically separated by the two characters:}{\i\f2 carriage return}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 linefeed}{\f2 .
\par 
\par Do not choose this option if you are extracting a binary file.  
\par Since }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  can't tell the difference between text and binary files, you have to decide when to use it.  
\par In general, don't choose this option unless you're sure you need it.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item to show that the option is in force.  
\par The setting you choose stays in effect until you toggle it.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SPACE_TO_UNDERSCORE}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Translate Filename Spaces to Underscore}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:035}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Translate Filename Spaces to Underscore
\par }{\f2 
\par Choose this option if you want }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to translate space characters in a filename to underscores during extraction.
\par 
\par Space characters in filenames are typically not used in 16-bit versions of Windows.
\par 
\par A checkmark signals that this option is active.
\par 
\par The setting you choose stays in effect until you toggle it.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:040}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP
\par }{\f2 
\par Choose this option only if you want }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to always extract the contents of the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  in the same directory as the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 .  
\par This option saves having to set the extraction directory separately. 
\par 
\par When WizUnZip is set to unzip in the same directory as the ZIP archive, WizUnZip disables and grays the }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 .
\par 
\par When you do not select this option, WizUnZip enables the }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v HELPID_CHDIR},{\f2  and you may select the destination directory.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item to show that the option is in force.  
\par The setting you choose stays in effect until you toggle it.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's title bar always shows the name of the directory into which it extracts regardless of the option's setting.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Listbox Selection Extracts File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:050}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting}}{\b\f2 Listbox Selection Extracts File}{\f2 
\par 
\par When this option is active, double-clicking on a }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entry extracts the selected entry from the archive and logs the outcome in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .

\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_LB_DISPLAY}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Listbox Selection Displays File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:060}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} displaying}}{\b\f2 Listbox Selection Displays File
\par }{\f2 
\par When this option is active, double-clicking on a }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entry displays the entry in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_LB_TEST}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Listbox Selection Tests File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:070}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} testing}}{
\b\f2 Listbox Selection Tests File
\par 
\par }{\f2 When this option is active, double-clicking on a }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  entry tests the entry and displays the results in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SOUND_OPTIONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Sound Options}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:070}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K} sound}}{\b\f2 Sound Options
\par }{\f2 
\par This entry leads to a dialog box in which you choose the sound that }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  emits either before or after the action (i.e. extract, test or display entries) completes. 
\par If }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  detects that the system can play a wave, you may specify the name of a wave file which}{\i\f2  WizUnZip}{\f2  plays either before or after the operation. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  includes a default wave file, WIZUNZIP.WAV, which contains an unzipping sound. 
\par 
\par Regardless of whether your system can play wave files, you can configure }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to emit a beep on completion.}{\i\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2 The }{\i\f2 Browse}{\f2  option lets you search for .WAV files on your system.
\par 
\par The Play option plays whichever .WAV file is shown in the }{\i\f2 Sound Name or File}{\f2  edit field.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SHOW_BUBBLE_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Show Toolbar Help}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} options:075}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Toolbar help}}{\b\f2  Show Toolbar Help
\par }{\f2 
\par This option from the }{\f2\uldb Preferences Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2  controls whether to display }{\f2\ul Toolbar Help}{\v\f2 term_Toolbar}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par The choice toggles each time this entry is selected.
\par 
\par When a checkmark appears beside the entry, toolbar help is active.
\par 
\par Your choice stays in effect until you change it.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_VIEW}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} View Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} commands:040}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} format}}{\b\f2 View Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The View menu directs }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to display the archive contents in either }{\f2\uldb Long Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_LONG}{\f2  or }{\f2\uldb Short Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHORT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item corresponding to the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  format which is currently selected.
\par 
\par You may also modify the relative sizes of the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  and  the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  by selecting }{\f2\uldb Maximize Archive Directory Listbox}{\v 
HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}{\f2 , }{\f2\uldb Maximize Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_STATUS}{\f2 , or }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item corresponding to the screen layout which is currently selected.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_LONG}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Long Format}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} format:010}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K}
 format}}{\b\f2 Long Format
\par }{\f2 
\par In long format }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  shows:
\par 
\par \tab the file length in Kbytes before archiving,
\par \tab the ZIP method of archiving: e.g. deflating, imploding, storing, shrinking, reducing.
\par \tab the file size in Kbytes within the archive,
\par \tab the compression ratio,
\par \tab the file modification date,
\par \tab the file modification time,
\par \tab the 32-bit cyclic redundancy check value, used for integrity checking,
\par \tab the file name.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SHORT}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Short Format}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} format:020}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K}
 format}}{\b\f2 Short Format
\par }{\f2 
\par In short format }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  shows:
\par 
\par \tab the file length in Kbytes before archiving,
\par \tab the file modification date,
\par \tab the file modification time,
\par \tab the file name.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MAX_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Max Status}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} format:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} format}}{\b\f2 Maximize Status/Display Window
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item maximizes the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  so that it covers the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 .  This makes it easier for you to browse a file displayed from the archive.

\par 
\par You can restore the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  by selecting the Restore entry from its system menu, by double-clicking its maximize/minimize icon in its upper right-hand corner, or by Selecting the }{\f2\uldb Split}{
\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2  menu item under the View menu.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SPLIT}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Split}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} format:035}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} format}}{\b\f2 Split
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item restores the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  and }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  to their original sizes.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Listbox Maximized}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} format:040}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K} format}}{\b\f2 Maximize Archive Directory Listbox
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item maximizes the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , covering the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . This makes it easier for you to view archives with many entries.
\par 
\par You can restore the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  by selecting the }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2  menu item under the View menu.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} glossary}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Glossary}}{\b\f2 Glossary}{\f2 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul DOS}{\v\f2 term_DOS}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul FTP}{\v\f2 term_FTP}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul Internet}{\v\f2 term_Internet}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul Toolbar Help}{\v\f2 term_Toolbar}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul UNIX}{\v\f2 term_UNIX}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul Win32s}{\v\f2 term_Win32s}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn }}#{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}{\f17\fs24  term_DOS}}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}{\f17\fs24  DOS}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K}{\f17\fs24  DOS}}}{\b\f2 DOS}{\f2 
\par 
\par The DOS operating system popular on IBM-compatible personal computers.
\par It's either running or emulated on your PC right now.
\par DOS usually is short for MS-DOS, a trademark of Microsoft.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn }}#{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}{\f17\fs24  term_FTP}}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}{\f17\fs24  FTP}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K}{\f17\fs24  FTP}}}{\b\f2 FTP}{\f2 
\par 
\par File Transfer Protocol. A protocol for transferring files through the Internet.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn }}#{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}{\f17\fs24  term_Internet}}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}{\f17\fs24  Internet}}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K}{\f17\fs24  Internet}}}{\b\f2 Internet}{\f2 
\par 
\par A data network connecting many universities, corporations, and government institutions.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn } }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} term_Toolbar}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Toolbar help}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 
\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Toolbar help}}{\b\f2 Toolbar Help}{\f2 
\par 
\par A type of on-screen help which appears when your mouse cursor passes over one of the buttons of the toolbar. 
\par A summary of the functions of the button appears in a rectangle below the button bar.
\par The help message disappears as soon as your mouse cursor is moved away from the button.
\par Also called }{\i\f2 balloon help}{\f2 .\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn } }#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} term_Win32s}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Win32s
}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Win32s}}{\b\f2 Win32s}{\f2 
\par 
\par Extensions to Windows 3.1 and Windows 3.11 which allow some 32-bit applications to run in a 16-bit environment.
\par The Win32s extensions are not installed by WizUnZip and must be obtained separately.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn }}#{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}{\f17\fs24  term_UNIX}}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}{\f17\fs24  UNIX}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K}{\f17\fs24  UNIX}}}{\b\f2 UNIX}{\f2 
\par 
\par The UNIX operating system is popular on multi-user open computer systems.  Unix is a trademark of X/Open.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 \chftn }}#{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}{\f17\fs24  term_ZIP_archive}}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}{\f17\fs24  ZIP_archive}}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K}{\f17\fs24  ZIP_archive}}}{\b\f2 ZIP archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par A ZIP archive is a collection of files stored within a single file in the format implemented by Phil Katz's products }{\i\f2 pkzip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 pkunzip}{\f2  as well as Info-ZIP's products }{\i\f2 zip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 .
\par 
\par ZIP archive files typically have the suffix }{\i\f2 .ZIP}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is compatible with archives created by pkzip version 2.04 and earlier.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DISPLAYING}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DISPLAY}}{\f2  }{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Browsing Text in the Archive}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} procedures:050}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} browsing}}{\b\f2 Browsing Text in the Archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par To browse one or more files within the archive, do the following:
\par 
\par First open the archive, see }{\f2\uldb Opening an Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}{\f2 ,
\par 
\par Next select the files you wish to view, using the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par Finally display the contents by doing of the following:
\par 
\par 1) clicking on the Display Button \{bmc display.bmp\},
\par 2) typing Control-D, or
\par 3) selecting the Display option under the }{\f2\uldb Archives Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_ARCHIVES}{\f2 .
\par 
\par The selected entries will be displayed in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  which can be scrolled using the horizontal and vertical scroll bars.
\par 
\par Alternately, you may use the Preferences menu to let you automatically display a file whenever you select its entry in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 .  
\par To do so, select the }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Displays File.}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_DISPLAY}{\f2  from the Preferences menu.  
\par Whenever you double-click on a entry in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays the entry's contents in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves this setting in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  cannot distinguish between text and binary data files, so it is possible to display a binary data file into the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  assumes that the files it displays in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  are in the PC manufacturer's OEM codepage, which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  translates to the ANSI character set. 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EXTRACTING}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EXTRACT}}{\f2  }{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $}
 Extracting Files from the Archive}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} procedures:110}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} extracting;de-archiving;encrypted archives}}{\b\f2 Extracting Files from the Archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par To extract files from an archive, do the following:
\par 
\par First open the archive, see }{\f2\uldb Opening an Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}{\f2 ,
\par 
\par Next select the files you wish to extract, using the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  . 
\par 
\par Finally start the extraction by doing any one of the following:
\par a) clicking on the Extract button \{bmc extract.bmp\}
\par b) typing Control-X, or by
\par c) selecting the Extract item under the }{\f2\uldb Archives Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_ARCHIVES}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts the files, placing them in the directory shown on the title bar. 
\par The }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  lists the names of the files as they are extracted.
\par 
\par A successful extraction displays status messages similar to these:
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\f2 inflating: FILE1.DAT
\par \tab inflating: FILE2.DOC
\par \tab inflating: FILE3.EXE
\par \tab inflating: FILE4.TXT}{\f2 
\par 
\par 
\par Alternately, you may use the Preferences menu to let you automatically extract a file whenever you double-click on an entry in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 .  To do so, select the }{\f2\uldb 
Listbox SelectionExtracts File.}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}{\f2  from the Preferences menu.  
\par Now when you double-click on an entry in the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts it. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves this setting in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_TESTING}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_TEST}}{\f2  }{\cs17\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Testing Files in the Archive}
+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} procedures:120}K{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} testing;testing files;testing archives}}{\b\f2 Testing Files in the Archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par To test files in the archive for integrity, do the following:
\par 
\par First open the archive, see }{\f2\uldb Opening an Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}{\f2 ,
\par 
\par Next select the files you wish to test, using the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 .
\par 
\par Finally start the test by doing any of the following:
\par 1) clicking on the Test button \{bmc test.bmp\},
\par 2) typing Control-T, or 
\par 3) selecting the Test option under the }{\f2\uldb Archives Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_ARCHIVES}{\f2 .
\par 
\par Alternately, you may use the Preferences menu to let you automatically test a file whenever you double-click on an entry in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 .  To do so, select }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Tests File }{
\v\f2 HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}{\f2  from the Preferences menu.  Afterwards, when you double-click on an entry in the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  will test it. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 
 saves this setting in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  tests the files, listing the file names and results as they are tested in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par A successful test displays messages similar to these:
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\f2 testing: FILE1.DAT\tab \tab \tab \tab OK
\par \tab testing: FILE2.DOC\tab \tab \tab \tab OK
\par \tab testing: FILE3.EXE\tab \tab \tab \tab OK
\par No errors detected in compressed data of C:\\MYARCHVE.ZIP.}{\f2 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} {\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Opening an Archive File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} procedures:005}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} opening;archive}}{\b\f2 Opening an Archive File}{\f2 
\par 
\par Before }{\i\f2 you}{\f2  can operate on a }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 , you must open it. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  only operates on archive files in .ZIP format. .ZIP files are created either by Phil Katz's }{\i\f2 PKZIP}{\f2  program or by Info-ZIP's }{\i\f2 ZIP}{\f2  program. 
\par ZIP files are identified by their .ZIP suffix.
\par 
\par You may open a .ZIP file by any of the following methods:
\par }\pard \li720 {\f2 
\par 1) passing its name to }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  when you start }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  or,
\par 
\par 2) using }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb File Menu Open Command}{\v HELPID_OPEN}{\f2  or,
\par 
\par 3) dragging the filename and dropping it onto the }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  window, or 
\par 
\par 4) clicking on the }{\f2\uldb \{bmc open-up.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Open an Archive (.ZIP) File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2  button}{\v\f2 .}{\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 
\par For easy browsing and extraction of .ZIP files, you may find it useful to associate the suffix .ZIP with }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  in the Windows' Registry.
\par 
\par When the archive file has been successfully opened, its name appears in }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's title bar. 
\par From that point forward, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  and button operations apply to the open file. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  can open only one .ZIP file at a time. 
\par It is not necessary to close or save the file before exiting }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} {\f2 HELPID_SHOW_COMMENT}}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Showing the Archive Comment}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} procedures:130}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} comment;archive comment;show archive comment button}}{\b\f2 Showing the Archive Comment}{\f2 
\par 
\par Some }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  files contain a readable comment.
\par  
\par }\pard \tx5220 {\f2 If you have opened an archive which has a comment, the Show .ZIP Comment button \{bmc comment.bmp\} will be active.
\par }\pard {\f2  
\par If the archive has no comment, then the Show .ZIP Comment Button will be grayed.  
\par 
\par You may display the comment by any of the following:
\par 
\par 1) selecting the Show .ZIP Comment button with the mouse,
\par 2) typing Control-S, or 
\par 3) selecting the Show .ZIP Comment item under the }{\f2\uldb Archives Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_ARCHIVES}{\f2 .
\par 
\par The comment will be copied into the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  where it may be scrolled using the scroll bars or the standard Windows navigation keys. 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_LISTBOX}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Archive Directory Listbox}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} screen:040}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} archive listbox}}{\fs16  }{\b\f2 Archive Directory Listbox
\par 
\par }{\f2 When you open a }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays the archive's directory in the Archive Directory Listbox at the top of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window. The contents may be displayed in either 
}{\f2\uldb Long Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_LONG}{\f2  or }{\f2\uldb Short Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHORT}{\f2  using the }{\f2\uldb View Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_VIEW}{\f2 . The format of the listbox entries will be familiar to users of Phil Katz's }{\i\f2 PKUNZIP}{\f2 
 program or Info-ZIP's }{\i\f2 UNZIP}{\f2  program.
\par 
\par The Archive Directory Listbox is an extended, multiple-selection listbox.
\par This means you may select multiple files by clicking the mouse on a given item and dragging the mouse downward through the listbox.
\par You may also press the Control key and click on listbox individual items to make a cumulative list.
\par To select or de-select all files in the listbox at once, use the }{\f2\uldb Edit Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_EDIT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par After selecting the files on which you wish to operate, you can }{\f2\uldb Browse Text in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 , \tab }{\f2\uldb Extract Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 , or }{\f2\uldb Test Files in the Archive}{
\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 .
\par 
\par You may extract, display, or test files directly from the listbox by double-clicking on the entries in the listbox. To define which action }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  takes when you double-click on an entry, use the }{\f2\uldb Preferences Menu}{\v\f2 
HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2 . The push-button which corresponds to the listbox double-click action is surrounded by a thicker frame.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Background Color}{\f2 
\par 
\par The background color of the Archive Directory Listbox heading and total area is the Windows }{\i\f2 Disabled Text}{\f2  color.
\par You can change your system's }{\i\f2 Disabled Text}{\f2  color using the Windows Control Panel.
\par Be careful! If you set your system's }{\i\f2 Disabled Text}{\f2  color to the same color as regular text (e.g. black), you won't be able to see the headings and totals above and below the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 .
\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_BUTTONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} button bar}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} screen:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 
\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} button bar}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Toolbar Buttons
\par 
\par }{\f2 Just below WizUnZip's menu bar lies its button bar, containing the bitmaps shown below. 
\par To see what function one of WizUnZip's buttons performs, click on the corresponding button below:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml open-up.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Open an Archive (.ZIP) File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml extract.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Extract a File from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml display.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Display a Text File within the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml test.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Test the Integrity of Files in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml comment.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_}{\v SHOW_COMMENT}\tab {\f2\uldb Show .ZIP Comment}{\v\f2 HELPID_}{\v SHOW_COMMENT}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml copy.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_COPY_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Copy the Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_COPY_ARCHIVE}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml move.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_MOVE_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Move the Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_MOVE_ARCHIVE}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml rename.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_RENAME_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Rename the Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_RENAME_ARCHIVE}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml trash.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_DELETE_ARCHIVE}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Delete the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DELETE_ARCHIVE}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml makedir.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAKE_DIR}{\f2\uldb Make a Directory}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAKE_DIR}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml selall.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_ALL}{\f2\uldb Select All Files in Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_ALL}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml deselall.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_DESELECT_ALL}{\f2\uldb Deselect All Files in Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DESELECT_ALL}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml selpat.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_BY_PATTERN}{\f2\uldb Select Files by Pattern in Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_BY_PATTERN}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml clrstat.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2\uldb Clear Display/Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml copystat.bmp\}}{\v HELPID_COPY_STATUS}{\uldb Copy Status/Display Window to Clipboard}{\v HELPID_COPY_STATUS}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml unzipto.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2\uldb Change "Unzip To" Directory}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml list.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}{\f2\uldb Maximize Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml split.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2\uldb Split Window between Listbox and Display/Status }{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml status.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_STATUS}{\f2\uldb Maximize Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_STATUS}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml exit.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXIT_CMD}{\f2\uldb Exit WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXIT_CMD}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb \{bml help.bmp\}}{\v\f2 HELPID_HELP}{\f2\uldb WizUnZip Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_HELP}{\f2 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Status/Display Window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} screen:060}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Status/Display Window}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Status/Display Window
\par 
\par }{\f2 At the bottom of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window is the Status/Display window, in which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays three types of information from the archive:
\par 
\par \tab 1) a record of file extraction and file testing (see }{\f2\uldb Extracting Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 ),
\par \tab 2) text files to browse (see }{\f2\uldb Browsing Text in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 ),
\par \tab 3) comments (see }{\f2\uldb Showing the Archive Comment}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOW_COMMENT}{\f2 ).
\par 
\par The Status/Display window may be scrolled horizontally or vertically using either the mouse or standard Windows navigation keys.
\par 
\par You can maximize the Status/Display window within }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window by clicking on the Status/Display window's maximize box or by selecting the Maximize entry from the Status/Display window's system menu.  When maxim
ized, the Status/Display window covers the listbox.
\par 
\par You can restore the maximized Status/Display window to its normal size by clicking on the Status/Display window's maximize box again or by selecting the Minimize entry from the Status/Display window's system menu.
\par 
\par You can hide the Status/Display window by selecting }{\f2\uldb Maximize Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}{\f2  from the View Menu.  To show the Status/Display window, select }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2  from the View menu.

\par 
\par You can clear the Status/Display window using the }{\f2\uldb Clear Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2  menu item from the }{\f2\uldb Edit Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_EDIT}{\f2 
 or by typing the Del key.  The Status/Display window automatically clears itself to make room for more information when either of the following happens:
\par 
\par \tab 1) the number of characters in the buffer reaches 65535, or
\par \tab 2) your system does not have enough global memory to store more data.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_TITLE_BAR}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Title Bar}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} screen:010}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 K} title bar}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Title Bar}{\f2 
\par 
\par The title bar shows which }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  is currently open and into which directory }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts archive entries.
\par 
\par If no ZIP archive is open, the title bar contains the message }{\i\f2 (No ZIP File) }{\f2 in the file name field.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_ICON}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Icon}+
{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} screen:080}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} icon}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Icon}{\f2 
\par The }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  icon's title includes the name of the current archive file name. 
\par If no }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  is open, the title contains the text }{\i\f2 (No ZIP File)}{\f2 .
\par 
\par The }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  icon starts out as a fully zipped zipper.
\par 
\par After extracting the first file, the }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  icon changes into an unzipped zipper.
\par 
\par That's as close as }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  comes to snappy graphics and animation.
\par 
\par The icon artwork is by }{\f2\ul Becky Cobb}{\v\f2 term_becky}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #}{\f17\fs24  term_becky}}}{\b\f2 Becky Cobb}{\f2 
\par 
\par "No one can do
\par    What Becky can do
\par In just thirty-two
\par    By thirty-two."
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MSGWIN_ERRORS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} In the Messages Window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} errors:010}}{\b\f2 
Error Messages in the Status/Display Window}{\f2 
\par 
\par This section describes some of the error messages which can appear in the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 End-of-central-directory signature not found.  Either this file is not
\par      a zipfile, or it constitutes one disk of a multi-part archive.  In the
\par      latter case the central directory and zipfile comment will be found on
\par      the last disk(s) of this archive.
\par }{\f2 This error means that the opened file is either not in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
 format or is a corrupted ZIP file.  Check the suffix of the file. This error might occur if you transferred the archive across a network as an ASCII file rather than as a binary file. At any rate,}{\i\f2  WizUnZip}{\f2  can't decipher it.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 error: can't open zipfile}{\f2  [ }{\i\f2 filename }{\f2 ]
\par This message appears if the archive file has been moved or deleted after having been opened in }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 error:  expected central file header signature not found (file #n).}{\f2 
\par This error means that the opened file is either not in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
 format or is a corrupted ZIP file.  Check the suffix of the file. This error might occur if you transferred the archive across a network as an ASCII file rather than as binary file. At any rate,}{\i\f2  WizUnZip}{\f2  can't decipher it.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Expanding: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Exploding: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Extracting: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Inflating: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Testing:}{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 UnShrinking:}{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par These messages occur during extraction or testing. During extraction they indicate which compression technique was employed to archive the file named }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2 .  The status value can be either 
\par 
\par \tab }{\i\f2 OK}{\f2 ,  which means success, 
\par 
\par \tab \tab or
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 \tab Bad CRC xxxxxxxx  (should be xxxxxxxx),}{\f2  which means the file is corrupted in the archive,}{\i\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2 where }{\i\f2 xxxxxxxx }{\f2 is a hexadecimal number.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Fatal write error
\par }{\f2 This message might appear if the disk had filled up while extracting a file.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2   }{\b\f2 unknown compression method}{\f2 
\par This indicates that }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  cannot extract the given file. The cause is possibly due to a corrupted archive or the file was stored using a technique designed after this version of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 warning:  didn't find end-of-central-dir signature at end of central dir.
\par }{\f2 This error indicates that the opened file is either not in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
 format or is a corrupted ZIP file.  Check the suffix of the file. This error might occur if you transferred the archive across a network as an ASCII file rather than as a binary file. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 warning:  filename too long--truncating}{\f2 
\par This error might appear when extracting a file generated on a system other than DOS. The name exceeds DOS's 8.3 format.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MSGBOX_ERRORS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Error Messages in Dialog Boxes}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} errors:020}}{\b\f2 
Error Messages in Dialog Boxes}{\f2 
\par 
\par This section describes error messages which may appear in a Windows message box.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 A write error has occurred. Perhaps the disk is full. Continue ?}{\f2 
\par Appears during extraction. It typically occurs if the disk to which you are extracting runs out of free space. Files may erroneously appear to have CRC errors during extraction in this case.  It typically does no good to continue.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Cannot open}{\f2  }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2 
\par Appears in the }{\i\f2 Open a ZIP File}{\f2  dialog box if you specify a file that doesn't exist.
\par Can also appear if you specify a file which does not exist when starting up }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  with a filename argument.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Can't change directory to <directory name>!}{\f2 
\par Appears before or after extraction if WizUnZip has been configured to change to or return to a non-existent directory.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Clearing Messages window to make room for more information.
\par }{\f2 Appears if the }{\f2\uldb Status/Display Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  buffer becomes full or otherwise cannot grow.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 johnny__.yuu. Cannot access this file. Please verify security privileges on the network drive}{\f2 .
\par This message box appears if you try to select a write-protected drive, such as a CD-ROM drive, from the }{\i\f2 Unzip To...}{\f2  dialog box.
\par (See }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 .)
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 This archive contains too many files for WizUnZip to list them all! 
\par }{\f2 This appears if the archive contains many files and the data required to list those files and their attributes exceeds a Windows internal limit of 65K characters.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SYSTEM_REQ}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} System Requirements}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} product_info:005}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 
\fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} system requirements}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 System Requirements}{\f2 
\par 
\par WizUnZip is released as both a 16-bit version and a 32-bit version.  You can tell which version you are running by opening WizUnZips }{\f2\uldb About Box}{\v\f2 HELPID_ABOUT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Feature\tab \tab \tab WizUnZip-16\tab \tab WizUnZip-32}{\f2 
\par Windows 3.1\tab \tab \tab supported\tab \tab unsupported
\par Windows 3.11\tab \tab \tab supported\tab \tab unsupported
\par Windows 3.X + }{\f2\uldb Win32s}{\v\f2 term_Win32s}{\f2 \tab \tab supported\tab \tab supported
\par Windows 95\tab \tab \tab supported\tab \tab supported
\par Windows NT 3.X\tab \tab \tab supported\tab \tab supported
\par Sound\tab \tab \tab \tab optional\tab \tab \tab optional*
\par Disk space required\tab \tab 300K bytes\tab \tab 245K bytes
\par Memory required\tab \tab minimum**\tab \tab minimum**
\par 
\par *WizUnZip-32 running under Windows 3.X + }{\f2\uldb Win32s}{\v\f2 term_Win32s}{\f2  does not support sound. In all other combinations WizUnZip supports sound as long as a sound card and an appropriate driver are installed.
\par 
\par **WizUnZip has no memory requirements above the minimum required to run your version of Windows.
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_INFO_ZIP}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Who is Info-ZIP?}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} product_info:010}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 
{\cs17\fs16\up6 K} info-zip}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Who is Info-ZIP ?}{\f2 
\par 
\par This is a partial list of contributors to Info-ZIP UnZip and the code upon which it is based.
\par Many, many others have also contributed, and if you are among them, please let us know.
\par Aside from the Info-ZIP digest archives, we have not kept very good track of who contributed what.
\par 
\par Mark Adler\tab \tab \tab decryption, inflate, explode, funzip code; misc. casts
\par Steve Alpert\tab \tab \tab VMS rms.h bugfix
\par Glenn Andrews\tab \tab \tab MS-DOS makefiles; prototyping bugfix; bogus main() fix
\par Andrei Arkhipov\tab \tab \tab Solaris 2.x package files
\par Joel Aycock\tab \tab \tab descrip.mms bugfix
\par Eric Baatz\tab \tab \tab Borland version() info
\par Charles Bailey\tab \tab \tab VMS_SEVERITY fix; VMSWILD () extension
\par Audrey Beck\tab \tab \tab "Where" file info for AOL OS/2 forum
\par Mike Bernardi\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry; CIX uploads
\par James Birdsall\tab \tab \tab extract.c/makefile/NT stuff, etc.; awesome beta tester
\par Allan Bjorklund\tab \tab \tab in misc.c
\par Denise Blakeley\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Wim Bonner\tab \tab \tab original OS/2 port; Unix makefile entry
\par Paul Borman\tab \tab \tab BSD/386 (BSDI) fixes; Unix makefile entry
\par Rodney Brown\tab \tab \tab stdin-/dev/null bugfix; VMS error levels
\par John Bush\tab \tab \tab first full Amiga port; FileDate; Amiga fixes; etc.
\par Valter Cavecchia\tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Andrey Chernov\tab \tab \tab BSD 4.4 utime fix
\par John Cowan\tab \tab \tab mods to original match.c; other stuff?
\par Frank da Cruz\tab \tab \tab xxu.c, on which original mapname.c was based
\par Bill Davidsen\tab \tab \tab -q(q); mapname stuff; envargs; Xenix stuff; etc.
\par Matt "Doc" D'Errico\tab \tab AIX stuff, Unix makefile entry
\par Kim DeVaughn\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Arjan de Vet\tab \tab \tab various things, but I don't remember exactly what...
\par Frank Donahoe\tab \tab \tab djgpp v2.0 makefile entry
\par James Dugal\tab \tab \tab ZMEM stuff; unshrink bugfix; file perms stuff; etc.
\par Jim Dumser\tab \tab \tab -z stuff; umask bugfixes; opendir/Borland fix; etc.
\par Mark Edwards\tab \tab \tab mapname.c, misc.c fixes; Unix makefile entry
\par Gershon Elber\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Bruce Evans\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par David Feinleib\tab \tab \tab Windows NT port
\par David Fenyes\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Greg Flint\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Jeffrey Foy\tab \tab \tab OS/2 stuff(?); [CP/M]
\par Mike Freeman\tab \tab \tab VMS GCC makefiles; VMS fixes; etc.
\par Kevin Fritz\tab \tab \tab Borland bugfixes; etc.
\par Jean-loup Gailly\tab \tab \tab decryption code; ReadByte replacement; much nagging :-)
\par Forrest Gehrke\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Tim Geibelhaus\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Henry Gessau\tab \tab \tab flush/Fwrite/outcnt fixes; new NT port
\par Christian Ghisler\tab \tab inflate tweaks
\par Filip Gieszczykiewicz\tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Paul Gilmartin\tab \tab \tab work-around for systems with broken catman/makewhatis
\par Hunter Goatley\tab \tab \tab VMSCLI interface; VMS help/RUNOFF; list maintainer
\par Michael Graff\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Richard H. Gumpertz\tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Steve Hanna\tab \tab \tab Macintosh stuff
\par Mark Hanning-Lee\tab \tab docs corrections, Unix Makefile fixes, "check" target
\par Robert Heath\tab \tab \tab Windows port (WizUnZip 1.0 & 2.0)
\par Dave Heiland\tab \tab \tab new usage screen
\par Ron Henderson\tab \tab \tab -a bugfix
\par Chris Herborth\tab \tab \tab new Atari port; Atari fixes
\par Phil Howard\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Joe Isuzu\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Aubrey Jaffer\tab \tab \tab pixel, v7 targets
\par Graham Jenkins\tab \tab \tab Sequent Dynix/ptx bugfix
\par Peter Jones\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Larry Jones\tab \tab \tab ZMEM stuff; unimplod bugfix; etc.
\par Warren Jones\tab \tab \tab MKS bugfix
\par Kjetil J}{\f7\fs24 \'f8}{\f2 rgenson\tab \tab \tab Makefile bugfix; OSF/1 fix; NetBSD fix; djgpp v2 mods
\par Bruce Kahn\tab \tab \tab DOS floppy detection?; Unix makefile entry
\par Bob Kemp\tab \tab \tab NOTINT16 rewrite; Unix makefile entry
\par J. Kercheval\tab \tab \tab filmatch.c, on which second match.c was based
\par Paul Kienitz\tab \tab \tab continuing general Amiga porting; Aztec C support; ASM
\par Mike Kincer\tab \tab \tab AIX "ps2" bugfix
\par David Kirschbaum\tab \tab mapname port; general-purpose meddling; Python jokes
\par Paul Klahr\tab \tab \tab Regulus port
\par Jim Knoble\tab \tab \tab Turbo C++ makefile fix
\par Alvin Koh\tab \tab \tab Borland C++ bugfixes
\par Karel Kubat\tab \tab \tab Linux strncasecmp bugfix
\par Bo Kullmar\tab \tab \tab -z code; bugfixes: umask, do_string, BSD time; etc.
\par Michael Lawler\tab \tab \tab Borland version() info; process.c string fix
\par Johnny Lee\tab \tab \tab Macintosh port; Win3.1 port; far strings/small model
\par Alexander Lehmann\tab \tab makefile.tc bugfix; MS-DOS mapname() bugfix
\par Marty Leisner\tab \tab \tab man pages fonts; install-target fixes
\par Daniel Lewart\tab \tab \tab AIX stuff; compiler warnings
\par John Limpert\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Hogan Long\tab \tab \tab Borland preprocessor bugfix
\par Mike Long\tab \tab \tab Unix Makefile installation bugfix
\par Warner Losh\tab \tab \tab in misc.c
\par Dave Lovelace\tab \tab \tab Data General AOS/VS port
\par Tony Luu\tab \tab \tab NT timezone bugfix
\par Igor Mandrichenko\tab \tab vms.c; many improvements and VMS modifications
\par Javier Manero\tab \tab \tab file_io.c bugfix; MS-DOS version() bugfix
\par Paul Manno\tab \tab \tab makefile.tc fixes
\par Fulvio Marino\tab \tab \tab revised UnZip and ZipInfo man pages; Makefile entry
\par Carl Mascott\tab \tab \tab original Unix port
\par Rafal Maszkowski\tab \tab Convex unzip.h fixes; Unix makefile entry
\par Eberhard Mattes\tab \tab handler() bugfix
\par Peter Mauzey\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Scott Maxwell\tab \tab \tab version.h; OS/2 DLL port [coming soon!]
\par Bob Maynard\tab \tab \tab 16-bit OS/2 pathname bugfix
\par Randy McCaskile\tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Gene McManus\tab \tab \tab -o code
\par Joe Meadows\tab \tab \tab file.c, on which VMSmunch.c (timestamps) was based
\par Jason Merrill\tab \tab \tab Sequent patches
\par Tom Metro\tab \tab \tab corrupted-zipfile handler bugfix
\par Ricky Mobley\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Navin Modi\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Paul Motsuk\tab \tab \tab Borland _rtl_chmod() fix
\par Anthony Naggs\tab \tab \tab MS-DOS error handling stuff
\par NIIMI Satoshi\tab \tab \tab Human68k port
\par Mike O'Carroll\tab \tab \tab early OS/2 stuff
\par "Moby" Dick O'Connor\tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Thomas Opheys\tab \tab \tab Watcom C stat() bugfix
\par Humberto Ortiz-Zuazaga\tab \tab Linux port; permissions bugfix; missing declarations
\par Rafael Pappalardo\tab \tab Convex CRYPT bugfix; Convex Makefile entry, useful info
\par Trevor Paquette\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Keith Petersen\tab \tab \tab Pyramid fixes; former Info-ZIP list maintainer
\par Alan Phillips\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Art Pina\tab \tab \tab \tab C Set/2 crypt.c optimization bug
\par Piet W. Plomp\tab \tab \tab nice fix for msc_dos Makefile target
\par Clint Pulley\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Antonio Querubin, Jr.\tab \tab descrip.mms (VMS makefile)
\par Alistair Rae\tab \tab \tab Encore preprocessor bugfix
\par Stephen Ritcey\tab \tab \tab vms/README installation correction
\par David Robinson\tab \tab \tab MSC 6.0 stat() bugfix
\par Jochen Roderburg\tab \tab floating-point BSD4_4 fix
\par Greg Roelofs\tab \tab \tab maintainer/principal author; ZipInfo; unshrink; etc.
\par Kai Uwe Rommel\tab \tab "real" OS/2 port; many new compilers; bugfixes; etc.
\par Paul Roub\tab \tab \tab first self-extracting code
\par Steve Salisbury\tab \tab \tab Win32 fixes; dual-mode SFX instruct.; variable INBUFSIZ
\par Georg Sassen\tab \tab \tab Amiga DICE compiler port
\par Jon Saxton\tab \tab \tab date formats, OS/2 fixes
\par Tom Schmidt\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Hugh Schmidt\tab \tab \tab VMS stuff
\par Martin Schulz\tab \tab \tab original Atari port, symlinks bugfix
\par Charles Scripter\tab \tab \tab various bug reports and bugfixes
\par Chris Seaman\tab \tab \tab Unix time stuff
\par Richard Seay\tab \tab \tab MS-DOS Quick C makefile
\par Alex Sergejew\tab \tab \tab file_io.c, stat(), Makefile fixes; Down Under jokes :-)
\par Jim Seymour\tab \tab \tab Borland OS/2 fixes
\par Mark Shadley\tab \tab \tab Unix -X bugfix, FGETCH fix
\par Timur Shaporev\tab \tab \tab inflate optimizations
\par Fred Smith\tab \tab \tab Coherent 4.0 fixes
\par Samuel H. Smith\tab \tab original unzip code (Pascal and C) for MS-DOS
\par Jim Spath\tab \tab \tab zipinfo -T century bugfix
\par Christian Spieler\tab \tab \tab performance tweaks; VMS and other fixes
\par Cliff Stanford\tab \tab \tab file_io.c umask bug
\par Jack Stansbury\tab \tab \tab DEC Alpha NT makefile fix
\par Dan Statkus\tab \tab \tab OS/2, MS-DOS mapname() ASCII 255 bugfix
\par Jim Steiner\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Richard Stephen\tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Wayne Stewart\tab \tab \tab "Where" file MS-DOS correction
\par Brian Tillman\tab \tab \tab "Where" file VMS correction
\par Onno van der Linden\tab \tab many fixes, esp. Intel Unix and 386 DOS
\par Jim Van Zandt\tab \tab \tab one of original man pages
\par Geraldo Veiga\tab \tab \tab Pyramid strrchr/rindex
\par Erik-Jan Vens\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Antoine Verheijen\tab \tab new Mac port; Mac fixes; MTS/EBCDIC stuff; etc.
\par Rich Wales\tab \tab \tab former Info-ZIP moderator and zip guy; MKS stuff
\par Frank Wancho\tab \tab \tab original TOPS-20 port
\par Paul Weiss\tab \tab \tab unzipsfx bugfix
\par Paul Wells\tab \tab \tab original Amiga port for SAS/C and Lattice C (?)
\par Eugene (Mike)White\tab \tab Win-32 & Win-16 ports (WizUnZip 3.0)
\par Rainer Wilcke\tab \tab \tab HP/UX termios bugfix; man-page fixes
\par Greg Woods\tab \tab \tab man-pages bugfixes
\par Mark Wright\tab \tab \tab Netware 3.11 NLM port
\par Randy Wright\tab \tab \tab Unix makefile entry
\par Meiwei Wu\tab \tab \tab open() return bugfix
\par Martin Zinser\tab \tab \tab VMS .hlp file for unzipsfx; MAKESFX.COM command file
\par \page }{\cs17\f2\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DISTRN}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Copyright and Distribution}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} product_info:020}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Copyright and Distribution}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Copyright and Distribution}{\f2 
\par 
\par ===========================================
\par The following copyrights are claimed on portions of the UnZip source code.
\par Further comments are at the bottom.
\par ===========================================
\par Copyright in unzip.c, originally from unzip version 1.2 (?):
\par 
\par \tab * Copyright 1989 Samuel H. Smith;  All rights reserved
\par \tab *
\par \tab * Do not distribute modified versions without my permission.
\par \tab * Do not remove or alter this notice or any other copyright notice.
\par \tab * If you use this in your own program you must distribute source code.
\par \tab * Do not use any of this in a commercial product.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright in misc.c, applying to UpdateCRC() and crc_32_tab[]:
\par 
\par \tab COPYRIGHT (C) 1986 Gary S. Brown. You may use this program, or code or tables extracted from it, as desired without restriction.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright in vms.c, distributed with UnZip versions 4.2 and later:
\par 
\par \tab * Copyright (C) 1992 Igor Mandrichenko.
\par \tab * Permission is granted to any individual or institution to use, copy,
\par \tab * or redistribute this software so long as all of the original files
\par \tab * are included unmodified, that it is not sold for profit, and that
\par \tab * this copyright notice is retained.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Additional copyright information:
\par 
\par BILF (distributed with the VMS stuff) is copyrighted by Rahul Dhesi, but it is freely distributable.
\par 
\par The functions extract_or_test_files() and store_info() in extract.c, do_string() and retur
n_VMS() in misc.c, VMS version of echo() in file_io.c, and find_end_central_dir() in unzip.c, were written by Greg Roelofs and subsequently modified by many others via Info-ZIP. I do not claim a copyright on these routines, but I do ask that no one else d
o so either, :-) and that anyone using them in other programs note their source.
\par 
\par The function decrypt_member() in extract.c and the password functions in file_io.c were written by Mark Adler, as were the inflate.c and explode.c modules.
\par 
\par The function mapped_name() in mapname.c was written by David Kirschbaum, based on the XXU program by Frank Da Cruz.
\par 
\par The module match.c was written by J. Kercheval and modified by David Kirschbaum for use in UnZip.
\par 
\par Original notes from unzip 2.0a by Carl Mascott, cmascott@world.std.com (these are only the modifications which seem still to exist):
\par \tab * 12/14/89\tab C. Mascott 2.0a adapt for UNIX
\par \tab *\tab \tab don't pre-allocate output file space
\par \tab *\tab \tab implement -t, -v, member file specs
\par \tab *\tab \tab buffer all input
\par \tab *\tab \tab fix "Bad CRC" msg: good/bad CRCs were swapped
\par \tab *\tab \tab check for write error on output file
\par 
\par Most of the remaining routines have contributions from all of us, and show it. :-)
\par 
\par ===========================================
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Info-ZIP Policy on Copying}{\f2 
\par 
\par There are currently three explicit copyrights on portions of UnZip code (at least, of which Info-ZIP is aware):  the original Sam Smith   copyright on unzip 2.0, upon which Info-ZIP's UnZip 3.0 was based;   Igor Mandrichenko'
s copyright on his routines in vms.c; and Greg   Roelofs' copyright on zipinfo.c and the new version of unshrink.c.   In addition, Mark Adler has placed inflate.h, inflate.c, explode.c   and funzip.c into the public domain; i.e., these files may be used  
 without any restrictions beyond those of simple courtesy (credit where   it's due).  All of these are discussed immediately below; the remaining code is covered by an implicit copyright under US law.  Frequently Asked Questions regarding (re)distribution
 of Zip and UnZip are near the end of this file.
\par 
\par There are no(?) known patents on any of the code in UnZip.  Unisys claims a patent on LZW encoding and on LZW decoding _in an apparatus which performs LZW encoding_, but a careful reading of the patent strongly suggests that a lone decoder (as in UnZip's 
unshrink.c) is not covered.  [Does this also apply to the IBM Miller-Wegman patent?]   [Is RLE used?  Is Huffman covered by anything?  Is any decoding technology covered by anything?]
\par __________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par The original unzip source code has been extensively modified and   almost entirely rewritten (changes include random zipfile access rather than sequential; replacement of unimplode() with explode(); replacement of old unshrink() with new (unrelated) unshr
ink(); replacement of output routines; addition of inflate(), wildcards, filename-mapping, text translation, ...; etc.).  As far as we can tell, the only remaining code which is substantially similar to Mr.
 Smith's is that in the file unreduce.c, which now by default is NOT compiled.  The following copyright applies to unreduce.c:
\par 
\par      * Copyright 1989 Samuel H. Smith;  All rights reserved
\par      *
\par      * Do not distribute modified versions without my permission.
\par      * Do not remove or alter this notice or any other copyright notice.
\par      * If you use this in your own program you must distribute source code.
\par      * Do not use any of this in a commercial product.
\par 
\par Regarding the first stipulation, Mr. Smith was tracked down in southern California some years back [Samuel H. Smith, The Tool Shop; as of mid-May 1994, (213) 851-9969 (voice), (213) 887-2127(?) (subscription BBS),
\par    71150.2731@compuserve.com]:
\par 
\par "He says that he thought that whoever contacted him understood that he has no objection to the Info-ZIP group's inclusion of his code. His primary concern is that it remain freely distributable, he said."
\par 
\par Despite the fact that our "normal" code has been entirely rewritten and by default no longer contains any of Mr. Smith's code, Info-ZIP remains indebted and grateful to him.  We hope he finds our contribu-tions as useful as we have his.
\par 
\par    Note that the third and fourth stipulations still apply to any company which wishes to incorporate the unreduce code into its products; if you wish to do so, you must contact Mr. Smith directly regarding licensing.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The following copyright applies to the new version of unshrink.c, distributed with UnZip versions 5.2 and later:
\par 
\par      * Copyright (C) 1994 Greg Roelofs.
\par      * Permission is granted to any individual/institution/corporate
\par      * entity to use, copy, redistribute or modify this software for
\par      * any purpose whatsoever, subject to the conditions noted in the
\par      * Frequently Asked Questions section below, plus one additional
\par      * condition:  namely, that my name not be removed from the source
\par      * code.  (Other names may, of course, be added as modifications
\par      * are made.)  Corporate legal staff (like at IBM :-) ) who have
\par      * problems understanding this can contact me through zip-bugs...
\par 
\par 
\par    The remaining code was written by many people associated with the
\par    Info-ZIP group, with large contributions from (but not limited to):
\par    Greg Roelofs (overall program logic, ZipInfo, unshrink, filename
\par    mapping/portability, etc.), Mark Adler (inflate, explode, funzip),
\par    Kai Uwe Rommel (OS/2), John Bush and Paul Kienitz (Amiga), Antoine
\par    Verheijen (Macintosh), and Hunter Goatley (more VMS).  See the file
\par    CONTRIBS in the source distribution for a much more complete list of
\par    contributors.  As noted above, Mark Adler's inflate.[ch], explode.c
\par    and funzip.c are in the public domain, and everything which isn't
\par    otherwise accounted for is implicitly copyrighted by Info-ZIP.  In
\par    other words, use it with our blessings, but it's still our code.
\par    Thank you!
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 I Place My Portion in the Public Domain}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Info-ZIP developers have chosen not to copyright }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 .
\par I, Robert A. Heath, am the author of the Microsoft Windows interface version of }{\i\f2 UNZIP}{\f2 , which I call }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 . 
\par I place the portion which I wrote in the public domain. 
\par I give you my permission to distribute my portion without condition. (It's free!  No charge!)
\par You may make derivative works from the source. 
\par 
\par Johnny Lee: Ditto. ;-) 
\par 
\par Eugene (Mike) White: I have chosen to do likewise with my modifications.
\par 
\par The MS Windows-specific sources for }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  3.0 are}{\i\f2  }{\f2 archived under }{\i\f2 wunz30sr.zip}{\f2  on popular archive sites.
\par 
\par }{\fs16\up6 \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_ARCHIVE_SITES}${\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Where to Find Info-ZIP Products}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +}
 product_info:025}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} archive sites}}{\fs16\up6  }{\b\f2 Where to Find Info-ZIP Products}{\f2 
\par 
\par This information was last updated on 3 August 1995.
\par __________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par    Note that some ftp sites may not yet have the latest versions of
\par    Zip and UnZip when you read this.  The latest versions, including
\par    the crypt sources, always appear in ftp.uu.net:/pub/archiving/zip
\par    (and subdirectories thereof) first.
\par 
\par    IF YOU FIND AN ERROR:  please let us know!  We don't have time to
\par    check each and every site personally (or even collectively), so any
\par    number of the sites listed below may have moved or disappeared en-
\par    tirely.  E-mail to zip-bugs@wkuvx1.wku.edu and we'll update this file.
\par __________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par Info-ZIP's home WWW site is listed on Yahoo and is at:
\par 
\par    http://quest.jpl.nasa.gov/Info-ZIP/
\par 
\par The Zip and UnZip pages have links to most known mirror sites carrying
\par our source and/or binary distributions:
\par 
\par    http://quest.jpl.nasa.gov/Info-ZIP/Zip.html
\par    http://quest.jpl.nasa.gov/Info-ZIP/UnZip.html
\par 
\par Source-code archives for Info-ZIP's portable Zip, UnZip, and related
\par utilities (on some ftp sites, the .zip files for UnZip may have a .zoo
\par equivalent in Zoo 2.10 format):
\par 
\par    zip201.zip      Zip 2.0.1 (deflation; includes zipnote, zipsplit)
\par    zip201.tar.Z    ditto, compress'd tar format
\par 
\par    zip11.zip       Zip 1.1 (shrinking, implosion; compatible with PKUNZIP 1.1)
\par    zip11.tar.Z     ditto, compress'd tar format
\par 
\par    unzip512.zip    UnZip 5.12 (all methods supported; zipinfo, funzip, unzipsfx)
\par    unzip512.tar.Z  ditto, compress'd tar format
\par 
\par    wunz20sr.zip    WizUnZip 2.0 sources for Windows 3.x; based on UnZip 5.0p1
\par 
\par    zcrypt24.zip    encryption/decryption support (includes zipcloak)
\par 
\par Executables archives (and related files) for Info-ZIP's software; see BBS
\par section below for special CompuServe (6.3) filenames:
\par 
\par    zip20x.zip      MSDOS executables and docs for zip, zipnote, zipsplit
\par    zcryp20x.zip    MSDOS encryption executables and docs for zip, zipcloak
\par    zip201x1.zip    OS/2 1.x (16-bit) executables and docs (no encryption)
\par    zip201x2.zip    OS/2 2.x (32-bit) executables and docs (no encryption)
\par    zip201c2.zip    OS/2 2.x (32-bit) executables and docs (with encryption)
\par    zip201xN.zip    WinNT/Win95 executables and docs (no encryption)
\par    zcr201xN.zip    WinNT/Win95 executables and docs (with encryption)
\par    zip201-vax.zip  VMS exes (VAX) and docs
\par    zip201-axp.zip  VMS exes (Alpha) and docs
\par    zip201x.lha     Amiga executables and docs
\par 
\par    unz512x.exe     MSDOS self-extracting executable (16-bit unzip, ..., docs)
\par    unz512x3.exe    MSDOS self-extracting executable (16-, 32-bit unzip, docs)
\par    unz512x1.exe    OS/2 1.x (16-bit) self-extracting executables and docs
\par    unz512x2.exe    OS/2 2.x (32-bit) self-extracting executables and docs
\par    unz512xN.exe    Windows NT (and Win95) self-extracting Intel exes and docs
\par   (unz512xN-mips.exe, unz512xN-axp.exe:  Windows NT exes/docs for MIPS & Alpha)
\par    unz512x-vax.exe VMS self-extracting executables and docs for VAX unzip
\par    unz512x-axp.exe VMS self-extracting executables and docs for Alpha unzip
\par    unz512x.lha     Amiga executables and docs for unzip
\par    unz512x.tos     Atari self-extracting executables and docs for unzip
\par    unz512x.hqx     Macintosh BinHex'd executables and docs for unzip
\par   (unz512x.tar.Z or .gz:  Unix exes/docs for Solaris 2.x, SCO Unix or Linux,
\par                    depending on directory/location)
\par 
\par    UnzpHist.zip    complete changes history of UnZip and its precursors
\par 
\par    wunz20x.exe     WizUnZip 2.0 executable/docs for Windows & NT 3.1, OS/2 2.1
\par    wunl20x.exe     same as wunz20x.exe, plus two DLLs for Win 3.0 and OS/2 2.0
\par 
\par The latest from PKWARE (the guys who started it all):
\par 
\par    pkz204g.exe     MS-DOS PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2.04g (self-extracting archive)
\par    pkz110eu.exe    MS-DOS PKZIP/PKUNZIP 1.1 (self-extracting)
\par    pkz206-2.exe    OS/2 PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2.06 (IBM internal only; same as 2.04g)
\par    pkz102-2.exe    OS/2 PKZIP/PKUNZIP 1.02 (self-extracting)
\par 
\par Third-party software which incorporates Info-ZIP code:
\par 
\par    OS/2:  Warp 3.0 BonusPak, FileJet, The UnZip Shell, zipmeister (PMZip),
\par      ZipFly(?)
\par    NT:  WinZip
\par    Windows:  Nico Mak WinZip, InnerMedia DynaZIP DLL, NewVision Zip[Shell] Pro,
\par      Flashpoint ZIP Navigator, Z (port of ZipInfo; z101.zip)
\par    MS-DOS:  FileJet
\par    Macintosh:  ZipIt
\par    generic Unix:  lzpip103.zip
\par 
\par Third-party software which uses (or can use) Info-ZIP software:
\par 
\par    OS/2:  Zip Control, ZiPMe, Workplace Shell UnZip (WUZ), Drop and Zip,
\par      Archive Front End, Archive Manager, Archive Viewer, File Manager/2,
\par      FileStar/2, ZTreeBold, PMZipper, simple zipshell, HyperView, XBBS-OS/2,
\par      LiveWire
\par    MS-DOS:  SHEZ archiver shell
\par    NeXTStep 3.x:  Opener
\par 
\par ftp sites for the US-exportable sources and executables:
\par 
\par    NOTE:  Look for the Info-ZIP file names given above (not PKWARE or third-
\par    party stuff) in the following locations.  Some sites like to use slightly
\par    different names, such as zip-2.0.1.tar.gz instead of zip201.tar.Z.  In
\par    the case of some comp.sources.misc archive sites, directories may be used
\par    (zip201/part01.Z, ..., zip201/part11.Z, zip201/patch01.Z, etc.).
\par 
\par    ftp.uu.net:/pub/archiving/zip        [THIS MIRRORS THE INFO-ZIP HOME SITE]
\par    src.doc.ic.ac.uk:/packages/zip       [THIS MIRRORS THE INFO-ZIP HOME SITE]
\par    unix.hensa.ac.uk:/mirrors/uunet/pub/archiving/zip
\par 
\par    ftp.cmdl.noaa.gov:/aerosol/doc/archiver/\{all,dos,os2,mac,vax_alpha\}
\par    oak.oakland.edu:/SimTel/msdos/\{zip,windows3\}    [AND OTHER SIMTEL MIRRORS]
\par    oak.oakland.edu:/pub/misc/\{unix,vaxvms\}
\par    garbo.uwasa.fi:/\{unix,pc\}/arcers                 [AND OTHER GARBO MIRRORS]
\par    ftp-os2.cdrom.com:/pub/os2/archiver
\par    ftp-os2.nmsu.edu:/archiver
\par    ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de:/pub/comp/os/os2/archiver
\par    sumex-aim.stanford.edu:/info-mac/util
\par    ftp.wustl.edu:/pub/aminet/util/arc              [AND OTHER AMINET MIRRORS]
\par    atari.archive.umich.edu:/pub/Archivers (?)       [AND OTHER UMICH MIRRORS]
\par    lpuds.oea.ihep.su:/ ... ?
\par 
\par ftp sites for the encryption and decryption sources and/or executables:
\par 
\par    NOTE 1:  Non-US users, please do NOT ftp from the US sites (US
\par    regulations and all that).  Likewise, US users, please do not
\par    ftp from the European sites (it's not illegal, but it sure is
\par    a waste of expensive bandwidth).
\par 
\par    NOTE 2:  Some sites may carry both encryption and non-encryption
\par    executables with slightly different names; for example, zip201c2.zip
\par    instead of zip201x2.zip ("c" == crypt version).  Other sites may
\par    include *only* the encryption-related executables (zip and zipcloak)
\par    in a second archive (e.g., zcryp20x.zip).
\par 
\par    From the US:
\par       wuarchive.wustl.edu:/mirrors/garbo.uwasa.fi/arcutil
\par       ftp.uu.net:/pub/archiving/zip
\par 
\par    Outside the US:
\par       garbo.uwasa.fi:/pc/arcutil
\par       ftp.inria.fr:/system/arch-compr
\par       ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de:/pub/comp/os/os2/archiver
\par          (mail server at ftp-mailer@informatik.tu-muenchen.de)
\par 
\par       ftp.win.tue.nl:/pub/compression/zip/...
\par       ftp.uni-erlangen.de:/pub/pc/msdos/utilities/zip/...
\par 
\par ftp sites for VMS-format Zip and UnZip packages (sources, object files and
\par executables, no encryption/decryption--see also "Mail servers" section below):
\par 
\par    ftp.spc.edu [192.107.46.27] and ftp.wku.edu:
\par 
\par    [.MACRO32]AAAREADME.TXT
\par    [.MACRO32.SAVESETS]UNZIP.BCK  or  UNZIP.ZIP  (if already have older version)
\par    [.MACRO32.SAVESETS]ZIP20.ZIP  (to be renamed to ZIP.ZIP in next release)
\par 
\par To find other ftp sites:
\par 
\par    The "archie" ftp database utility can be used to find an ftp site
\par    near you (although it always seems to find old versions...).  If
\par    you don't know how to use it, DON'T ASK US--check the Usenet groups
\par    news.announce.newusers or news.answers or some such, or ask your
\par    system administrator (or just RTFM :-) ).
\par 
\par UUCP sites:
\par 
\par    uunet!~/pub/archiving/zip/ ...
\par 
\par Bulletin boards (commercial and otherwise):
\par 
\par    Sources, MS-DOS executables:
\par       CompuServe IBMPRO forum, Library 10, Data Compression (unz512.zip,
\par          sources; unz512.exe, self-extracting executables and docs)
\par       CompuServe (ZiffNet) PBSUTIL forum and Public Brand Software BBS
\par          [US, membership required; V.32 line, (317) 856-1490]
\par          (unz512.zip, sources; unz512.exe, self-extracting exes and docs)
\par       America Online OS/2 Forum, Free Uploading area; also Top Picks lib-
\par          rary, File/Disk Utilities library, and OS/2 1.x library (do key-
\par          word search via ctrl-K:  FILE SEARCH on "INFOZIP")
\par       FidoNet node 1:124/2113, Lunatic Fringe [Richardson, Texas; BBS
\par          (214) 235-5288; sysop john.stewart@lunatic.com; complete mirror
\par          of Info-ZIP home site]
\par       FidoNet node 1:246/74, Metal Shoppe BBS [Windsor, Ontario; CLink
\par          node 911:6510/0; BBS (519) 256-0278; sysop rakey@cyberspace.net
\par          (Ray Akey); micro-based files but no Unix/VMS/NT stuff]
\par       Drealm Conference System [London, UK; V.22bis, subscriber lines
\par          to V.32bis, etc.; (+44) 81 568 2204]
\par       Compulink Information eXchange (CIX) [London, UK; BBS 14.4 and 28.8
\par          lines, (+44) 181 390-1244, -1255 and -9787; executables in "the
\par          filepool," sources in free_software/sources]
\par 
\par    Windows sources and executables:
\par       CompuServe ZENITH forum (wunzip.zip, WizUnZip exe + libs for
\par          Win 3.x, NT, OS/2 2.x)
\par       CompuServe CRAFTS forum (wunz20.exe, WizUnZip bare executable
\par          for Win 3.1, NT, OS/2 2.1)
\par 
\par    OS/2 executables:
\par       CompuServe OS2USER forum (zip201.zip and unz512.exe, OS/2 16-
\par          and 32-bit exes and docs)
\par 
\par    Amiga executables:
\par       BIX in AMIGA files section (perform keyword search on "info-zip")
\par          [requires account; telnet bix.com, or "C BIX" via local Sprint
\par          X.25 PAD, or dial direct in US at (617) 491-5410]
\par 
\par Mail servers:
\par 
\par    If you don't have anonymous FTP capability, you can mail one
\par    of the following commands (in the body of an e-mail message) to
\par    listserv@vm.ecs.rpi.edu or listserv@vm1.nodak.edu in order to
\par    get a copy of the source code via e-mail:
\par 
\par       /pdget mail /pub/misc/unix/unzip512.tar.Z uuencode
\par       /pdget mail /pub/msdos/zip/unzip512.zip uuencode
\par       /pdget mail /pub/msdos/zip/zip201.zip uuencode
\par 
\par    The older, pseudo-TOPS-20 style also works:
\par 
\par       /pdget mail pd:<misc.unix>unzip512.tar.Z uuencode
\par       /pdget mail pd:<misc.unix>zip201.zip uuencode
\par 
\par    To get the encryption source by e-mail, send the following commands
\par    to ftp-mailer@informatik.tu-muenchen.de:
\par 
\par       get /pub/comp/os/os2/archiver/zcrypt24.zip
\par       quit
\par 
\par    To get the VMS Zip/UnZip package by e-mail, send the following
\par    commands in the body of a mail message to mxserver@wkuvx1.wku.edu
\par    (the "HELP" command is also accepted):
\par 
\par       SEND UNZIP
\par       SEND ZIP20           <-- will change to plain "ZIP" in next release
\par       SEND FILESERV_TOOLS
\par 
\par    To get Atari executables by e-mail, send a message to 
\par    atari@atari.archive.umich.edu for information about the mail server.
\par __________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par _\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_WARRANTY}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Warranty}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} product_info:030}}{\b\f2 Warranty or Lack Thereof
\par }{\f2 
\par WizUnZip's authors make no promises express or implied on the suitability of this software product for any particular purpose. 
\par 
\par All responsibility for use of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  lies with the user.
\par 
\par \tab }{\i\f2 Eugene (Mike) White}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\i\f2 Robert A. Heath}{\f2 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_HISTORY}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} History}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} product_info:040}}{\b\f2 History
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Unzip Versions}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Version}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Date}{\f2 \tab \tab }{\f2\uldb Contributor(s)}{\f2 
\par \tab v1.2\tab 15 Mar 89\tab Samuel H. Smith
\par \tab v2.0\tab 9 Sep 89\tab Samuel H. Smith
\par \tab v2.x\tab fall 1989\tab many Usenet contributors
\par \tab v3.0\tab 1 May 90\tab Info-ZIP (DPK, consolidator)
\par \tab v3.1\tab 15 Aug 90\tab Info-ZIP (DPK, consolidator)
\par \tab v4.0\tab 1 Dec 90\tab Info-ZIP (GRR, maintainer)
\par \tab v4.1\tab 12 May 91\tab Info-ZIP
\par \tab v4.2\tab 20 Mar 92\tab Info-ZIP (zip-bugs subgroup; GRR, maint.)
\par \tab v5.0\tab 21 Aug 92\tab Info-ZIP (zip-bugs subgroup; GRR, maint.)
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 WizUnZip versions}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Date}{\f2 \tab \tab }{\f2\uldb Version}{\f2 \tab \tab }{\f2\uldb Description}{\f2 
\par Jan. 27, 1992\tab 1.0\tab \tab Original Release.
\par Apr. 26, 1992\tab 1.1\tab \tab Fixes problem in LF to CR,LF 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab mapping. Renamed "Translate LF 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab to CR,LF" option to "Translate 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab CR,LF to LF". 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Release of source.
\par June 30, 1992\tab 1.2\tab \tab Updated to Unzip 5.0 source and MS Windows 3.1
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Added drag-drop, sped up zip operations, and
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab hiding status window.
\par August, 1992\tab 1.3\tab \tab Tidied up bugs in 1.2 version.
\par 
\par May 21, 1993\tab 2.0\tab \tab Release of WizUnZip 2.0 Beta 1.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Aligned with unzip 5.0p1,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab for pkzip 2.04 compatibility.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Fixed many bugs in Windows interface.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Changed "Translate CR,LF to LF" feature
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f2 back}{\f2  to "Translate LF to CR,LF.".
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab New features: configurable "unzip to" 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab directory, select files by pattern, 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab play wave on completion, copy status
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab window to clipboard, offers self-
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab extracting archives as a choice when
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab opening a file. Moved initialization 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab data to WIZUNZIP.INI. 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Thanks to Richard
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Hartman for some good ideas!
\par 
\par July 4, 1993\tab 2.0\tab \tab General release of WizUnZip 2.0.
\par 
\par January 1, 1996\tab 3.0\tab \tab General release of WizUnZip 3.0
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab - Modified to compile under Borland C compiler.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab - Allow compilation for either Win-16 or Win-32.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab - Added support for encryption.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab - Added toolbar help.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab - Added various options to display.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab - Added ability to copy, move, rename, delete archive files,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab   and create directories.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_OVERVIEW}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Help Overview}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} commands:50}}{\b\f2 Help Overview
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  offers three varieties of help:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb WizUnZip Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_HELP}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Help specific to }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Using Windows Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_HELP_HELP}{\f2 \tab \tab How to Use Windows Help in General
\par }{\f2\uldb About WizUnZip...}{\v\f2 HELPID_ABOUT}{\f2 \tab \tab Version and Author
\par \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} WizUnzip Help}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} help:020}}{\b\f2 WizUnZip Help
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Standard Help}{\f2 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  has standard Windows help, accessed by typing the F1 key.  This method takes you to }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's top help index. You may use the mouse or keyboard to select lower-level topics or to simply browse.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Context Help}{\f2 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  also has context help by which you can hit Shift-F1, producing the question-mark/arrow cursor. You may then select any of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 
's menu items using the mouse or the keyboard.  Context help takes you directly to the help screen associated with the desired menu item.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Toolbar Help}{\f2 
\par WizUnzip provides }{\f2\ul Toolbar Help}{\v\f2 term_Toolbar}{\f2  when you pause the mouse cursor over one of the buttons on WizUnZips toolbar.  Toolbar help can be enabled or disabled, using the }{\f2\uldb Show Toolbar Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOW_BUBBLE_HELP
}{\f2  option under the }{\f2\uldb Preferences Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2  \page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_HELP_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Using Windows Help}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} help:030}}{\b\f2 Using Windows Help
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu entry takes you to the standard introduction on using Windows help.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_ABOUT}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} About}+{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {
\cs17\fs16\up6 +} help:040}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} About}} {\b\f2 About WizUnZip...
\par }{\f2 
\par The about box tells:
\par 
\par 1) whether you are running the 16-bit or the 32-bit version,
\par 
\par 2) the program release number, and 
\par 
\par 3) information about the authors.\page }{\cs17\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_BUGS}${\footnote \pard\plain \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 $} Bugs and Restrictions}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 +} bugs:010}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s18 \fs20 {\cs17\fs16\up6 K} Bugs and Restrictions}}{\b\f2 Bugs and Restrictions
\par }{\f2 
\par Here are a few bugs and restrictions in WizUnZip, along with some workarounds.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Archive Directory Listbox holds up to 64K bytes of data.
\par }{\f2 This problem is signaled by a Message Box which signals that the listbox has run out of space.  This occurs in both WizUnZip-16 and WizUnZip-32. 
\par Switching to the }{\f2\uldb Short Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHORT}{\f2  can help if the file directory is barely big enough to fit.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Open Dialog Box Can't Distinguish Between Self-extracting .EXE's and Ordinary .EXE's}{\f2 
\par When listing self-extracting files, the }{\i\f2 Open}{\f2  dialog box lists all .EXE files regardless of whether they are self-extracting .ZIP files.  
\par If you open the file and receive the "End-of-central-directory signature not found" message, you may assume the file is not a self-extracting .ZIP.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Status/Display Window Displays Windows ANSI Character Set}{\f2 
\par When displaying a .ZIP file comment in the Status/Display Window, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  maps the data into the ANSI Character Set.
\par 
\par }}